Praise the Lord, isn't it good to be in God's house today?
Man, I am proud of you.
You got a belly full of turkey, I'm sure.
You've been just downing tons and tons of Christmas cookies.
You've got that Christmas hangover, but yet you put God's first and you showed up, you put God first, you showed up in his house today.
You know, a lot of churches, they started canceling this service and just doing it online only.
But you know, church and the rock were different, aren't we?
You know, I just think it's special to put God first right here at the very last Sunday of the year.
So I thank you for doing that.
You know, it is the last Sunday of the year.
I know a lot of you are excited.
I've talked to you.
Some of you are getting your vision board together.
You're writing all your goals out.
I was talking to some people yesterday.
They went and bought their habit trackers.
They're ready to go.
But today's message is, Dad's blessed me to get to continue on part four, whatever happened to Hope.
I'd like to talk to you, to those of you who are maybe a little bit discouraged.
You think to yourself, you say, you know, last year, Daniel, I did all that stuff.
And you know what, it just didn't work out.
I just seemed to, it just seemed to not work out.
20, 25 really wasn't that great for me.
And I don't know what, what your reasoning may be.
Maybe, you know, the economy, maybe you lost your job.
Maybe, you know, with the government shutdown tariffs, all these different things, maybe you didn't make what you thought you were going to make.
Or maybe you've been having problems in your family.
Maybe you've had problems with your kids.
You expected them to act a whole lot different than they've been acting.
Maybe some of you, you've experienced a health crisis of some sort where the doctor came to you with a report you were not expecting.
And it just really shook your world.
I know I've got some people in my own family.
They've experienced the death of a loved one.
There's been others that have had a miscarriage.
And you know, you just feel like, man, at 2025, I thought it was gonna be awesome, but it turned out being what I thought was the complete opposite.
Well, today's message, what I wanna do is I wanna encourage you.
I wanna encourage you and let you know, don't let go of your hope.
Don't lose hope that God is still working and God's gonna do something great in 2026.
You know, Dad said that Bible hope is an expectation that God's best, that God's goodness,
is in our future.
It's ahead for us.
And today you heard him talk.
He said, 2026 is going to be year of what?
Expansion and increase.
And no matter how bad last year was, I just want to encourage you, don't let go of that.
Expansion means going beyond our boundaries.
Increase means going further than where we were before.
As I was preparing for this message, I felt like God gave me the word for you.
Come back.
Look at your neighbor and say, come back.
Look at your other neighbor say, come back.
I don't know about you, but I love a good comeback story.
You know, when I was young, there was a movie I loved.
It was called The Crotty Kid.
Anybody remember The Crotty Kid?
It was the original Crotty Kid.
You know, I know there's been all these other ones and Netflix and all this stuff since then.
But you know, the original karate kid, such a great story, right?
It's a bit of a hero's journey, if you recall.
You got this kind of skinny, awkward kid.
He moves to a whole new city, right?
And he just doesn't fit in.
His mom is a single mom.
He's poor.
And he gets kind of picked on.
He gets bullied.
He gets knocked around.
He experiences all kinds of pain set back, right?
He likes this girl, but he doesn't have a chance at all, right?
But what happens?
He doesn't begin to blame other people, right?
He doesn't sit around and make excuses, right?
He finds Mr. Miyagi, right?
And what does he do?
He begins to train.
He begins to let that pressure, all that bad experience push him to get better.
He begins to see all his circumstances, right?
As something that's making him into a champion.
What happens?
He works hard.
He doesn't let go of his hope.
And if you remember the story in the end, right?
He ends up winning the tournament, getting the trophy, right?
The karate tournament.
He ends up getting the girl, right?
Beaten Johnny, right?
The bad guy.
And then he gets one of Mr. Miyagi's really cool cars.
Do you remember that?
He never lost hope.
I love comeback stores.
You know, I believe God loves comeback stores.
Those of you that feel like 2025 was a dud that all the things you were expecting that you were believing to happen didn't happen.
I'm getting ready to tell you, God has a comeback story for you in 2026.
But you got to believe it.
Do you believe it?
You know, so many times we get tired, we get hit on all sides, we go through all kinds of pressure, problems, stress, we got this to do and that to do, and we don't even recognize when we get out of faith.
We don't even recognize that we've lost that active faith, that active believing that God still wants to do good things from me, that God still wants to do good things for you.
The Bible's full of all kinds of these comeback stories.
One of my favorite growing up was the story of Joseph.
You guys remember Joseph in the Bible?
Joseph was his father's favorite son, right?
And as a result, he got all kinds of perks.
He got all kinds of privileges.
And boy, his dad just showered him with all kinds of love.
Joseph was a pretty good kid, right?
Didn't get into trouble much.
But as a result of all this kind of favor he got from his father, his brothers, they were envious, right?
They were jealous.
And if you recall in the story, what do they do?
They sell him into slavery, right?
Now think about that.
Joseph, he serves God.
He's a good guy.
What happens?
He still, he experiences trouble.
He experiences trauma, right?
He gets sold into slavery.
And then even after he's been in slavery for a while, right?
He gets promoted.
He thinks things are looking up.
What happens?
Somebody at his job lies about him.
They slander him, right?
And what he gets thrown back into prison, right?
It seems like every time he starts to make a step forward, what happens?
He gets pulled back.
Kind of like some of you feel that 2025 was, but guess what?
Joseph, he never lost hope.
Joseph was a prisoner of hope.
You never see in these scriptures during all this story where Joseph says, you know what?
This God stuff, it doesn't work.
I think I'm gonna try out these idols of the Egyptians.
Or you know what?
God's forgotten me.
I'm just gonna, this is all I have in life.
I'm just gonna stay in prison.
I'm just gonna be here.
You know, I got a pretty good job.
No, he kept believing.
that what God had said over him was gonna come to pass.
He saw his circumstances as being orchestrated by God that they were preparing him to be a king, right?
It says in Psalms 105 verse 19, until the time came to fulfill his dreams, the Lord was testing Joseph's character.
Joseph believed that God was arranging all these different things for his good.
And you know what, he kept hold of that.
He was a prisoner of hope, and you know what happened eventually,
Joseph was elevated to the second most powerful person in the entire kingdom of Egypt.
He got the gold.
He got the palace.
He got his family.
They're new with him.
He's debt-free.
In the middle of a family, he prospered.
In the middle of the worst times, he flourished.
He was vindicated.
He was promoted all because Joseph kept a hold of that hope.
He didn't say, well, you know, 2025 was just, I'm going to get more of the same in 2026.
He was a captive of hope.
Has anybody ever heard that phrase before?
A captive of hope or a prisoner of hope?
What that means is there's nothing that can shake you free of believing that God's a good God.
There's nothing that can shake your confidence that God's got something great in store for you.
And you know what?
God says that when you're a prisoner of hope, when you're a captive of a hope of that kind, that he actually blesses you double.
Did you know that?
When you say, you know, I'm not gonna be moved, I'm not gonna be shaken.
I know it may have been bad in 2025, but 2026 is gonna be better.
I know God was just getting me ready for it better.
God says he's gonna give you double.
Look at this, Zechariah 9, verse 12, it says, come back to the place of safety.
All you prisoners who still have hope.
Do you still have hope?
Church on the rock, come on, do you still have hope?
I promise this very day, I will repay two blessings for each of your troubles.
You get double blessing when you're a prisoner, a captive of hope.
I'm thinking about a precious family in our church, a gentleman named Larry, he volunteers up here all the time.
And this last year, if you looked at Larry's life, you could say to yourself, he'd say,
Boy, 2025 was a rough year for Larry.
Larry experienced a medical crisis.
He had an emergency where he was taken to the hospital and you know what?
The doctor said it didn't look good for Larry.
It looked like, man, you know, he wasn't gonna make it very many days.
But you know what?
Larry had a wife.
It was a prisoner of hope.
Larry's wife, Barb,
She refused to believe what the doctor said.
She believed that God still had a plan for her and Larry, and that the best was ahead for them.
So you know what Barb began to do?
She got on the prayer line.
She got everybody praying and believing in speaking over Larry.
She began to lay hands over Larry in the hospital room.
I heard that she was even in the waiting room, had a prayer meeting going so loud, it was distracting nurses, doctors.
What's going on there?
She was praying in tongues.
She didn't care.
She was a prisoner.
of hope.
She was captive to hope.
She believed no matter what it looked like, God was still working everything together for her good.
One day, Dad and I, we went down to visit Larry, and you know what, as Dad and I just entered that room, we entered kind of a cloud of hope.
We entered kind of a cloud of expectation.
Dad and I, we went over and we talked to Larry, and in the natural, Larry looked not so good.
But you know what?
Larry, in his quiet week voice, he said to dad, he said, this, it shocked me.
Man, it fired me up.
He said, pastor, I'm going to be out of here by Friday.
And dad and I looked at each other and we smile was, wow, Larry was a captive of hope.
Larry refused to believe that his best days were behind him.
And you know what?
In a few weeks, Larry was out of the hospital.
He's totally well today.
And if you see Larry, he looks amazing.
He looks better than before he went.
Come on, give the Lord a big hand clap.
So here's the big idea.
If you and I want to make a comeback in 2026, you have to believe it.
You have to believe that better days are ahead for you.
You have to believe it.
You can't say, I'm too old.
You can't say I'm too poor.
You can't say, man, this person gets all the other, the breaks.
Man, these other people, they're the ones that, you have to believe it.
If you don't believe it, there's no comeback coming.
One of my favorite scripture verses, Psalms 27, 13 through 14 said, I would have lost heart unless I believed that I would see the goodness of the Lord and the land of the living.
Verse 14 goes on to say, wait on the Lord, that's expectation.
Be of good courage, that's expectation, and he shall strengthen your heart.
Wait, I say, on the Lord.
And you might be saying, Daniel, you don't understand, really.
I appreciate you saying this.
Yes, I know I got to believe it, but it's completely illogical.
If you would just see my kitchen table right now, and you see the stack of bills there, or maybe if only you knew the way my kids have been behaving this year, or the doctor's report, or the debt that I have,
You would truly understand that 2026 probably isn't gonna be that good for me.
Well, you know what?
I encourage you to say what David said.
David was surrounded on all sides.
He was facing death.
It looked like it was over.
He was surrounded by Saul's army, but you know what he said in Psalms 42, 11?
He spoke to himself and he said, Saul, put your hope in God.
Saul, put your trust in the Lord, your king.
That's what we have to do.
When we see that stack of bills, you know what?
We have to speak to ourselves.
My God is bigger than that stack of bills.
When we see our kids behaving crazy and, man, we don't know what we're gonna do, you know what we say?
My God's God is all under control.
My son is gonna serve the Lord.
My daughter is gonna be on fire for the Lord.
The Bible tells us that hope is an anchor.
It keeps us steady when the storm comes.
So when you, you might not think, I'm just not one of those positive thinkers, Daniel.
It's more than that.
It's more than just power of positive thinking.
It's actually keeping your life steady in the storm when you have hope that God is turning things around from you.
It keeps you from drifting.
When Tamara and I first got married, we went on a cruise for a honeymoon.
And one of the excursions that one of the stops was snorkeling, you know?
And so,
We were really excited about this, and there on the shore, we put our towels down, put our bags down, our sandals.
That time we got our snorkel on, and we went snorkeling out there, looking at all the beautiful fish and the coral and all this things.
And after about 30 minutes, it was amazing.
I lifted my head up out of the water, and I was surprised.
I thought I hadn't moved at all, but Tamara and I were like way, way far away from our towels and sandals.
What had happened?
We had drifted.
We hadn't realized it, but we had drifted.
The current had taken us further and further away from where I thought we were.
And do you know, that's what happens to a lot of us when we don't have hope.
You might not think it's a big deal.
You know, I'm not even thinking about it.
I just expect the same of the same.
You know, Dan, well, that's not really a big deal.
You actually, you start to drift.
What do you mean?
What do you do?
Some of you started to drift into bitterness.
Some of you have began to drift into negativity.
Some of you, you didn't even notice it, but this last year, man, you just always got to scow on your face.
You began to drift.
So today, I want to encourage you, dream again.
Dream again.
Put on, like Dad said a few weeks ago, the helmet of hope and get back to what God has called you to do.
It doesn't matter how you've messed up what failures you've had.
It doesn't matter what 2025 looked like.
God hasn't finished with you yet.
Do you believe that?
God's not finished with you yet.
Give back to hoping and believing God for the best.
Stop yourself from drifting.
In the Bible, I find it fascinating.
You have this guy, Samson.
You remember that story?
Samson was the strongest guy.
Did all these great feats of strength for the Lord?
But yet, he became ashamed to his parents.
He became ashamed to the nation of Israel.
Why?
Because he just quit following God, right?
He quit doing the right thing.
And he began to compromise, right?
And live with the world and do all this.
He sinned and did all this crazy stuff.
And what happened?
He lost his strength.
He was actually put in prison, right?
It says that the Philistines, the enemies put out Samson's eyes, right?
And they made him like work and grind grain.
But you know what it said?
Even with all the bad stuff that Samson did, what looked like how he was a huge failure, the mess-ups that he did,
I love it.
That verse in the Bible says, his hair began to grow.
His hair began to grow.
And he said that he was pushing that, that millstone around, grinding that grain.
And it says that in that he prayed a prayer to God.
He said, God, he said, once more, once more, will you give me strength to defeat my enemies?
And you know what?
God did.
God did it for him.
Some of you, you feel like Samson.
You feel like you've messed up so bad, right?
You feel like God's taken his anointing, his favor from life.
That's a lie of the devil.
And I want you to begin to pray, God, once more, say that once more.
God, 2026, let that be a once more for me.
Let me see that increase.
Let me see that expansion.
It doesn't matter what you've done, how you've missed it.
Believe for once more.
Now, increase in expansion.
I love this.
I feel like it comes from another big comeback story in the Bible, one of my favorites.
And what's neat about this story or what's, I guess, kind of unique about this story is it's only two verses in the book of 1 Chronicles.
1 Chronicles 4, 9 through 10.
I want to read this to you.
It's about a man named J. Bez.
Everyone say J. Bez.
Let's read it together.
It says, there was a man named J. Bez who was more honorable than any of his brothers.
His mother named him J. Bez because his birth had been so painful.
He was the one who prayed to the God of Israel, oh, that you would bless me and expand my territory.
That sounds like expansion.
Doesn't it?
It sounds like increase.
Please be with me and all that I do and keep me from all trouble and pain.
And then it says, and God granted him his request.
What I'd like to do is I'd like to take a little look at this prayer here and grab three points out on how we can have a comeback in 2026.
But you know, names in the Bible are significant.
They're so important.
You know, my father, he named me Daniel, which means God is my judge.
A lot of times in the Bible, when you see a character's name, right, it has something to do actually with their character, with their moral makeup.
And J. Bess, bless his heart, his mom, named in pain.
So imagine that being spoken over your life all the time.
Here comes pain.
Great, you know whenever his parents song why here's up.
Here's the guy is a burden Here's the guy that's just you know dragging us down is J. Bess.
Did you imagine that's what's being spoken over your life all the time pain?
suffering Pain suffering pain suffering and I find it fascinating and we don't have a really big picture of J. Bess, but here you know if you notice J. Bess is not sitting around saying God why?
Why God to my parents and Amy pain
God, why did I, why was I born on this side of the tracks?
I mean, you named my other brother, I don't know, Ethan, you know, his name is Strength, they're steadfast.
But I got named Payne, why God, why?
No, J. Bess flipped the script and he said, why not me?
He changed the question, he was like, why not me?
The beginning of my life may have been terrible.
What may have been spoken on me, where I may have been born, the outside of the tracks, what 2025 may have looked like, but God, why can't I be blessed in 2026?
Why can't I, Jacob is saying, why can't the end of my life be better than the beginning of my life?
He didn't say why, God, he said, God, why, not me?
So if you're taking notes here, how can we be sure to have a comeback in 2026?
Let's look at these verses again.
I'll jump back and forth, guys, to them.
If we could read the first verse, I believe, 1 Chronicles 4 verse 9, there was a man named J. Bess who was more honorable than any of his brothers.
His mother named him J. Bess because his birth had been so painful.
So number one, choose hope over your circumstances.
Number one, choose hope over your circumstances.
We learned from Jay Bass, it doesn't matter what you've been named.
It doesn't matter what you've been called.
It's what does God say about you?
It doesn't matter if you've been called a failure, a loser.
You've had parents that said, well, he just doesn't learn that good.
She's a little slow.
It doesn't matter what people have said about you.
It's what does God say about.
He says that you're more than a conqueror.
He says that you're victorious, that your best days are ahead.
Your circumstances,
are not the final word in your life.
J. Bess refused to just say, well, this is how it's gonna be.
2025 was like this, so so is 2026.
He refused.
He said, no, I'm choosing to hope.
Have Bible hope that God's best is just ahead of me.
So many of us, right?
Our circumstances, addictions, generational curses.
Maybe there was some sort of loss that happened this last year.
I'm telling you,
Don't choose those things as your identity going into 2026.
Sure, you may have fallen, you may have messed up.
Choose hope that God is working everything together for your good.
The second thing I'd like for you to get from this prayer is, let's go ahead and read verse 10.
It says, he was the man who prayed to the God of Israel, oh, that you would bless me and expand my territory.
Please be with me in all that I do and keep me from all trouble and pain.
Number two thing you need to do to have a comeback is ask God for better days.
Daniel, that's simple.
Ask God for better days.
But it's amazing how many people in the church world think that a prayer like that is selfish.
Shouldn't he be praying for world peace?
Shouldn't he be praying for his brothers, the sisters that are suffering the Lord?
Let me tell you, it's completely biblical, completely okay for you to pray that God blesses you.
I might church on the rock.
See what I think is so cool about J Bez is J Bez believed in the generous nature of his God.
And a lot of us, because of some stuff that happened in 2025, maybe we prayed for something and didn't happen the way we thought, we just don't think our God's generous anymore.
Dad was talking about generosity today.
We serve a generous God.
We serve a God that's eager to help us, that's eager to bless us, that's eager to meet our needs.
Jay Bez knew that God loves to turn nobodies into somebodies.
You know, today with social media and everything we love to get on, we like to look at other people, we like to compare ourselves to other people, see what they have, the vacations.
I was listening to somebody yesterday and he was like,
I took all 12 of my family to Hawaii for three weeks at Christmas time.
And I was like, oh, man, must be nice.
Must be nice.
I mean, we were done there before you looking around.
But you know what's fascinating about J-Bears?
Notice in this prayer, he's not looking around at all.
He's only looking one way.
He's looking up.
Do you guys see that?
He's not comparing themselves.
I mean, when we do that leaves us empty, depressed, negative, but J. Bess, he's looking only up.
He says, God bless me.
God, take care of me.
I celebrate your generosity to them, but God, take care of me.
I'm not comparing myself and asking why.
He's saying, God, why not me?
It didn't stop him from praying and reaching out.
So many of us have just quit praying.
Some of us have just burnt up our confession list that we had last year.
Where's your vision board?
I don't know, it's in the garage.
If you want to see a comeback in 2026, you got to ask God for better days.
Number three, let's continue on with this verse again, going back to verse 10 again.
He was one who prayed to the God of Israel, oh, that you would bless me and expand my territory.
And this is the part I want to focus on.
Please be with me in all that I do.
Everyone say with me.
The next way that we're going to experience to come back in 2026 is to draw close to God.
Everyone say draw close.
You see, J. Bess, he had the right motivation behind all of this, right?
is he didn't want the blessing outside the blester.
He didn't just want the things God could give him, he wanted God himself.
First and foremost, you know, in the book of Job, it says, those that forget God, they lose all hope.
They lose all hope.
And if you really think about the Christian life and what the walk that God's called it fundamentally is, it's about having a relationship with God himself.
He is truly the only thing that can satisfy us.
He is truly the only thing that can bring us joy, comfort, make us feel fulfilled.
I've heard it said, right, that we all have a God-shaped hole in our heart, right?
That only he can feel.
And see, you see here that J. Bess, he said, you have to be with me.
He doesn't really give specific things on how he wants God to bless me.
He realizes not riches, not fame, not career, or success can bring him what he's longing for.
In the book of Revelation, I find it fascinating when it's talking about heaven.
There's this one phrase in there.
It's interesting.
It says that God Himself will be there.
Like John wanted you to know that's the prize.
Not the jewels on your mansion, not the gold on the streets, not the angels singing.
God Himself is our treasure.
God Himself is our blessing.
And you know, I think J. Bez in this prayer, he's showing us that a lot of us are like, oh, if I could only have that promotion, God, then I would be happy.
Oh, God, if I could just marry this person, then I would be happy.
If I could have a child, I would be happy.
The only thing that's gonna bring true happiness fulfillment is his presence, God's presence in our life.
David said, one thing have I asked for, one thing have I sought is to dwell
in the house of the Lord, all the days of my life.
You know, at Christmas time, if you're a father and you have kids, how many know you get to put together a lot of stuff?
You get to assemble my stuff, right?
And Lana, my youngest, she got some Legos for Christmas, and she likes these Legos.
They're kind of like, they look like flowers.
Have you guys seen those?
Like bouquets and everything?
I know Legos are really big this year.
And she keeps asking me, you know, Dad, will you come in and help me put the Legos together?
I'm like, but you asked for the lego.
You should be able to put, put it together.
So of course I go in there, you know, I start putting them together.
But as I sit next to her, right?
I noticed something, right?
She starts putting them together.
She, she does it all on her own.
And I said, Lana, I thought, I thought she wanted my help.
She said, she's kind of nods and continues putting stuff together, right?
Well, I said, well, since she got it, I guess I'll just go back to watch a basketball.
I'm good.
No, no, no, no, no.
Dad, stay right here.
Stay next to me.
I just want you near me.
And suddenly a light came on to me as I was thinking about this was, it's amazing how many of our problems and things that are a mess that we try to figure out all on our own suddenly we can do it when we're in the presence of God.
Suddenly, we have the strength, we have the power to do it when we're in the presence of God, right?
When I was sitting next to her, she was fine putting it.
When I wasn't there, dad, come back, come back, come.
It's the same way with us.
You might have a problem.
You might have a big stack of legos in front.
You don't know what that thing is gonna, supposed to look like.
You don't know how to fix it.
Get in the presence of God.
20, 26, draw closer and closer to Him.
As the team comes out right now, I just want to continue to encourage you.
Don't let go that God is a good God.
Did you know that church in the rock, that's one of our main beliefs.
That's one of the things that dad has instilled in me since I was a little boy and our staff is that God is a good God and he wants the best for you.
When I was growing up, my dad taught me a lot about boxing.
He was a huge boxer, but what UFC wasn't a thing in the 90s, right?
It was boxing.
Heavyweight boxing was the thing.
And I don't know if maybe you noticed my pastor, he was involved in golden gloves.
So as Steven and I were growing up, he talked all the time about the great fighters of old.
Like we knew about Rocky Marciano, Jack Dempsey, Joe Lewis, Larry Holmes, and Sugar Ray Leonard, all these different people.
And we followed, man, we knew in our household who was fighting.
We knew who won this championship, who knew that.
And it was just a thing.
It was just kind of part of the culture of our household.
In 1994, it was November 94, there was a big fight that year.
I don't know if many of you remember, a lot of you weren't even alive that year.
But it was called One for the Ages.
One for the Ages.
And it was a heavyweight title fight between George Foreman and Michael Moore.
Does anybody know who those guys were?
Sort of, yeah.
There are two really big, great fighters.
Now George Foreman, what's so amazing about this fight was that
george was forty five years old okay george was forty five years old now nobody had one a heavyweight title at forty five years old and uh... another with we're in significant thing about this fight i was watching a documentary about was that george and i know many of you probably seen his movie is a great movie but george twenty years earlier he had fought
1974.
So this is 1994.
Looking back, he had fought Muhammad Ali in something called the Rumble in the Jungle.
That was in Zaire.
And he was supposed to beat Ali.
He was supposed to beat him easy.
But guess what?
He lost that fight.
And they said that for years it just haunted him.
It haunted him.
He only fought one more time after that fight with Ali.
And then he retired 1977.
They said for years it haunted him till finally one day he gave his life to the Lord.
Turned his life over to the Lord and he became
a pastor but yet still in the back of his mind that defeat to Ali just kept nagging at him just kept nagging at him man shook his whole world he knew he knew that he could have did this he could have did that and so here he is 20 years later and he's fighting this guy who's probably 20 years younger probably wasn't anymore and he's fighting for the time now the whole reason he started fighting I don't know if you knew this was so that he could get money for his church
That's the reason why I used to get my first church.
But in the media, I still remember, if I was a young guy then, you know, I remember in the media, they were making fun of him, look at George, he's overweight, oh my gosh, he's gonna get killed.
Michael Moore's gonna destroy him, this is over.
And I mean, they were just really tearing him down.
But I watched an interview with the coach, his name is Teddy Atlas, the coach from Michael Moore.
Stick with me, I'm going somewhere.
Michael Moore, and he was talking about this fight.
And he said, he said, you know, I had trained Michael the best I had trained any other fighter.
This was, he said, I felt like we had the best training sessions.
I had coached him to watch out for all these different things that Foreman was going to throw after him.
And he said, if there was ever a time in my life, I felt ready.
I felt confident.
This was the fight.
But he said, I knew something was wrong when
I looked up and as we're getting ready for the fight, Michael Moore is already in the ring.
He said, here comes George Foreman into the stadium.
And he said, as George Foreman began to walk down the aisle to the ring, he said, I looked and he was wearing the trunks, the shorts that he had wore all the way back in 1974 that he had lost his fight to Aliyan.
He had those same exact ones.
They weren't copy.
They were the same shorts.
He had them on.
And he said, Ted, he said, because as soon as I saw those shorts, fear shot at my spine.
He said, as soon as I saw those shorts, he said, didn't matter how much trace I began to shake, I began to quake like this.
And he said, because at that moment, I knew this wasn't just a fight for George.
He was fighting for himself.
He was fighting for his identity.
He was fighting for his future.
And he said, when I saw those shorts, I knew George said to himself, he said, this isn't a fight.
This is unfinished business.
Now, that fight went 10 rounds and George lost every round.
But guess what?
In the 10th round, George knocked Michael Moore clean out.
I have a picture of it right here for, I want to show you, it might be back here.
He knocked Michael Moore, he's the oldest heavyweight ever, George Foreman.
See those shorts?
Those are the same shorts from 1974.
See, George had unfinished business.
He made a comeback.
Everyone said he couldn't do it.
Everyone said it wasn't going to happen, but guess what?
Some of you, in 2025, you got punched in the mouth.
Some of you, you thought, man, I'm running and it's going to be easy and just pop.
You got knocked, everybody's got a plan until they get hit hard, right?
And it just knocked you out.
You fell into depression.
You felt, man, you felt like your walk with God fell apart.
all this.
And what I'm trying to tell you today, you got unfinished business.
You got unfinished business.
What I'm trying to encourage you today is God's not done with you yet.
That dream that you laid down, that hope that you gave up on, it's time for you to pick it back up and get back in the ring.
Because guess what?
This is the time you're going to win.
2026 is the year you're going to make your comeback.
Amen.
All right.
With every head bowed, every eyes closed right now, maybe you're here today and you say, Dale, I have my life is just a wreck.
Just like you said, I feel like I've been drifting that I've been lost to see.
I don't know which way I'm going and I have no direction.
I have no purpose.
And if that's you today, I just like to invite you to do exactly what I said there.
I'm point number three.
That is draw closer to God.
Just like I talked about George Foreman, he gave his life to God after a huge defeat and changed everything.
That's what you need to do.
You need to have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ.
The Bible says that God sent his very own begotten son to die on the cross for our sins so that we could have a relationship with him so that we could be forgiven, that we could have a purpose and live forever in heaven with him.
So I encourage you, pray this prayer from your heart today.
Give your life to God and turn and go a new way.
Let's say this all together.
Here we go.
Say, dear Heavenly Father, I believe that Jesus is the Son of God.
I believe that Jesus died on the cross for my sin.
I believe that Jesus rose again on the third day.
Now, Jesus, I ask you, come into my life.
Forgive me of my sin.
Be my Lord.
Be my Savior.
Give me a purpose.
In your name we pray, amen.
Can we give everybody who hasn't said that prayer today, a big hand clap?
Thanks for watching these week's message.
When we for you to connect your church in Iraq is through the goddess for you classes.
These classes are designed to teach you about the culture, mission, and values of church in Iraq, and about your God-given design.
You can take these classes anytime by going to our website at cotr.org slash God is for you.
And if you want to know about all the incredible things we have here at church in Iraq, make sure to visit our website at cotr.org.
And never forget, God is for you.